Li always believes now
I didn't cry with you anymore
Grandma Mi Hyun
Last time in the hospital
Slightly saved my life
He saved my life.
He is missing a job
I will arrange for him to be a secretary in your company
You have to take good care of him for me
It was an accident that I saved my grandmother
But I really didn't mean to seduce you
I really just want to work hard
Did I really misunderstand Mingwei?
Now that the misunderstanding has removed the threat
Apologize to Omi
No, you don't.
Just explain it.
Grandma, it's getting late.
I'm going back first
Next time, I'll see you again.
Beauty
Wrong good
Go now!
And so forth.
I'll send you.
Don't bother, Mr. Li, get in the car
Thank you for saving Grandma
And sorry
Let me ask you something.
It's alright, Mr. Li just raised his hand
The rest of the office will definitely help
And I also have a grandmother
When I see Grandma Li, I think of her
This empathetic person
Would you do such a thing as embezzlement?